Add entry rust data types #4821 (#4874)
Codecademy/docs: content/rust/concepts/data-types/data-types.md

> ---
> Title: 'Data Types in Rust'
> Description: 'An overview of data types in Rust, including scalar and compound types.'
> Subjects:
>   - 'Code Foundations'
>   - 'Computer Science'
> Tags:
>   - 'Rust'
>   - 'Data Types'
> CatalogContent:
>   - 'rust-for-programmers'
>   - 'paths/computer-science'
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
Title: 'Data Types'
Description: 'Data types specify the kind of data variables can hold.'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Data Types'
CatalogContent:
  - 'rust-for-programmers'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---
```

Reviewer: Updated the title, and the description to describe the topic, and removed the 'Rust' tag since it is not present in the documentation.

> In Rust, data types classify the types of values that can be used and manipulated within a program. Rust's type system ensures that data types are known at compile time, which helps catch errors early.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Rust, **data types** classify the types of values that can be used and manipulated within a program. Rust's type system ensures that data types are known at compile time, which helps catch errors early.
```

## Scalar Types

> Rust has four primary scalar types:

Reviewer: We can add a line here before the "Rust has four primary scalar types", that the scalar type represents a single value.

- **Integers**: Represent whole numbers. Examples include `i32`, `u32`, `i64`, etc.
- **Floating-Point Numbers**: Represent numbers with fractional components. Examples include `f32`, `f64`.
- **Booleans**: Represent true or false values, using the `bool` type.

> - **Characters**: Represent single Unicode characters, using the `char` type.

Reviewer: Can we elaborate on these points a little bit? Example:

- **Integers**: Represent whole numbers. The signed integer starts with an `i` followed by the bit number and the unsigned integer starts with `u` followed by the bit number. The built-in integer types in Rust include `8bit`, `16bit`, `32bit`, `64bit`, and `128bit`.

You can elaborate a bit on the other bullet points as well. (Not much, just the representation and what you think could be useful to a beginner reading this.)

```rust
fn main() {
    let int: i32 = 42;
    let float: f64 = 3.14;
    let boolean: bool = true;
    let character: char = 'R';

    println!("Integer: {}", int);
    println!("Float: {}", float);
    println!("Boolean: {}", boolean);
    println!("Character: {}", character);
}

> ```

Reviewer: Can you add the output of the code here using the ```shell``` block?

## Compound Types

> Rust also provides compound types:

Reviewer: We can add a line here before the existing line "Compound types represent multiple values and can be grouped."

- **Tuples**: Group multiple values of different types into one compound type.

> - **Arrays**: Store multiple values of the same type.

Reviewer: Can we elaborate on these points a bit, as discussed in the above scalar type? An example could be:
- **Tuples**: A tuple is a collection of values of potentially different types, constructed using parentheses `()`. Tuples are commonly used by functions to return multiple values due to their ability to hold heterogeneous data.

```rust
fn main() {
    let tuple: (i32, f64, bool) = (42, 3.14, true);
    let array: [i32; 3] = [1, 2, 3];

    println!("Tuple: ({}, {}, {})", tuple.0, tuple.1, tuple.2);
    println!("Array: {:?}", array);
}

> ```

Reviewer: Can you add the output for the above code?

Author: Sure thing. Not a "gotcha" or anything but, on the pandas tail, the output of the codebyte example was requested to be omitted. And, in this case, I assumed since the gif shows an output, it may be redundant to share an output. So I assumed to not include it. For future reference, could you clarify when to (or not to) have a the output written? Perhaps it is case-by-case. (I did not find anything discreet in the contribution guidelines)

Reviewer: Hey @sethaferd! In the `pandas.tail()` PR, I asked you to add a Codebyte along with an example, but you removed one of them 🥲 So, [here](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/pull/4855/files) is your `.tail()` PR, it consists of both an example and a codebyte block.

For term entries based on languages - javaScript, python 3, C++, C#, Go, PHP, Ruby, Scheme - we ask for a Codebyte (codebyte is not followed by an output block). However, an example is usually needed for all entries and it should be always followed by an output block. 
Hope this helps! 😃

> 

Reviewer: Could you give a one-line description of what the gif is about or what you are trying to show in it?
